                                                                        
                               ##Ruiz et al. (2024)                             
                ##Environmental DNA epigenetics accurately predicts             
                        ##the age of cultured fish larvae                       
                                                                              
                                                                              

#Description:

This repository contains the main data generated for prediction of seabass larvae
age from eDNA.


#Architecture:

Each file used/generated in a specific script whose names starts with a letter is 
placed in the corresponding folder.


#Reproducibility:

The R project was made reproducible using the renv package: 
https://rstudio.github.io/renv/articles/renv.html

Functions, scripts and graphs were made available on GitHub to avoid downloading
the whole folder (16.4 Go after decompression) to access them.

The whole folder with all data as well as the renv architecture is available on 
FigShare: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.25466890


#Author contact:

Through GitHub or using this email address: eliotruiz3@gmail.com


#Large files not deposited in the FigShare repository:

The "MinKNOW_output" folder (41.3 Go) and the "basecalling_sup" folder (40.6 Go)
that contain respectively the raw sequencing output from the MinION, and the sup-
erior basecalled FASTQ and POD5 are available upon request. 
These folder are normally part of the "A_data" folder, to be use with the script:
"A.basecalling_demultiplexing_fastq_to_fasta.R".

In the "C_data" folder, we also removed BED summaries for each methylation type:
"summary_5mC_only_1kb_whole_genome", "summary_5mC_only_1kb_whole_genome", and
"summary_6mA_only_1kb_whole_genome". These files were generated by the script 
"C.methylation_calling_mapping_summarising.txt" and respectively weight 7.8 Go,
7.6 Go, and 7.5 Go. They are also available upon request.

Finally, in the "SuppC_data" folder, the folder "fastq_pass_decompressed" (4.2
Go) is also missing and available upon request. It contains FASTQ files per 
barcodes after a fast basecalling for the supplementary script: 
"SuppC.fast_basecalling_whole_genome_id.R"
